okay smarter every day Pringles can will
make the absolute perfect spaghetti
holder when you're done with the
Pringles there you go
recycle reduce reuse in Africa right hey
Bob Marley pants are you making
spaghetti with go yeah oh oh just one
one hit yes one one hit that's amazing
very good I've never stays in this much
meat at one time and there's no idea
what kind of proportions to put here
buddy
yeah that's preying on me so diaper
party the coat on me
that's really looking super nice that's
the bottom jaw tongue have you told this
guy's sweets okay is there any is there
any part of the goat that's not sweet
spot it's funny got you know date huh
just I don't belong all nothing really
I'm really late so another progress in
all mmm-hmm hey is it nuts
that's not nice I think we're done
see which stands for yes yes um
you